and now o priests this commandment is
for you if you will not hear and if you
will not take it to heart to give glory
to my name says the Lord of hosts
I will send a curse upon you and I will
curse your blessings yes I have cursed
them already because you do not take it
to heart behold I will rebuke your
descendants and spread refuse on your
faces the refuse of your solemn feasts
and one will take you away with it then
you shall know that I have sent this
commandment to you that my covenant with
Levi may continue says the Lord of hosts
my covenant was with him one of life and
peace and I gave them to him that he
might fear me so he feared me and was
Reverend before my name the law of truth
was in his mouth and injustice was not
found on his lips he walked with me in
peace and equity and turned many away
from iniquity for the lips of a priest
should keep knowledge and people should
seek the law from his mouth for he is
the messenger of the Lord of hosts
but you have departed from the way you
have caused many to stumble at law you
have corrupted the covenant of Levi
therefore I also have made you
contemptible and base before all the
people because you have not kept my ways
that have shown partiality in the law
have we not all one father has not one
God created us why do we deal
treacherously with one another by
profaning the Covenant of the father's
Judah has dealt treacherously and an
abomination has been committed in Israel
and in Jerusalem for Judah has profaned
the Lord's holy institution which he
loves he has married the daughter of a
foreign god may the Lord cut off from
the tents of Jacob the man who does this
being awake and aware yet who brings an
offering to the Lord of Hosts and this
is the second thing you do you cover the
altar of the Lord with tears with
weeping and crying so he does not regard
the offering anymore nor receive it with
goodwill from your hands yet you say for
what reason because the Lord has been
witnessed between you and the wife of
your youth with whom you have dealt
treacherously yet she is your companion
and your wife by covenant
but did he not make them one having a
remnant of the spirit and why one he
seeks godly offspring therefore take
heed to your spirit and let none deal
treacherously with a wife of his youth
for the Lord God of Israel says that he
hates divorce for it covers one's
garment with violence says the Lord of
hosts therefore take heed to your spirit
that you do not deal treacherously you
have wearied the Lord with your words
yet you say in what way have we wearied
him in that you say everyone who does
evil is good in the sight of the Lord
and he delights in them or where is the
God of justice
[Music]